add decision to sprint extension from daily (#51)
Gamify-IT/docs: protocols/global/2022-06-22-protocol.md

- uwe suggested to move the sprint meeting back a week
- contact uwe on friday if we think a week more is a good idea or if we stay on the same date

> ### decision from daily at 22.06.2022
> - we don't move the sprint meeting, because we planned the end at 27.06. and we rather do the overhead in the next sprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Decision from daily later that day
- do not move the sprint meeting. We planned the end for the 27.06, and we rather want to start the next sprint then.
```
